hey there in this video I'm going to
explain to you what the heck are
Instagram subscriptions the simplest
description that I can come up with for
Instagram subscriptions is essentially
your followers paying a monthly fee in
order to unlock exclusive content from
you if you're familiar with patreon it's
the same idea except for this time it's
on Instagram some people have also
called it only fans but for Instagram
when you get access to subscriptions
Instagram will let you know so it's
usually something that you don't have to
go hunt down and find Instagram will pop
up a little window on your Instagram app
when you have access to the
subscriptions currently as the Creator
you have the option to set the monthly
price of your subscriptions anywhere
from one dollar all the way up to 99 per
month you also have the flexibility as
the Creator to determine what kind of
content you share Instagram doesn't hold
you to a certain schedule you get to
choose what you post and when you share
the exclusive content that you can share
with your subscribers are private
Instagram stories private Instagram
lives exclusive feed posts which
includes reels and you can create two
different kinds of special group Chats
on Instagram one is a subscriber only
group chat and one is called a broadcast
group chat that's only for subscribers
your subscribers also get a purple crown
badge next to their name which is a way
to kind of incentivize them and it also
reminds you of who your subscribers are
when someone becomes a subscriber they
automatically unlock any feed posts that
you've made for subscribers in the past
and they get instant access to any
subscriber stories or subscribers lives
that are taking place after that date
currently at the time of recording this
at the end of 2022 Instagram takes a
zero percent fee they take zero dollars
and zero cents from your subscriptions
but the app Marketplace does take a
small fee basically because these
transactions are taking place within an
app the app does charge a small fee in
order to facilitate these transactions
if you want to check out a video on how
to get subscriptions on your account
just tap right here thanks so much for
watching and don't forget to press like
if you enjoyed this video